Copyright 2019 Avery Larsen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

===============================================================================

The Open Group Base Specifications Issue 7, 2018 edition
IEEE Std 1003.1™-2017 (Revision of IEEE Std 1003.1-2008)
Copyright © 2001-2018 IEEE and The Open Group

The Open Group Base Specifications Issue 6/ 7 and IEEE Std
1003.1-2001/1003.1-2008 (and subsequent technical corrigenda) are a joint work
owned by The Open Group and the IEEE. The html/pdf versions of these documents
are made available under the following terms and conditions (note that the pdf
versions are restricted to the Open Group's members) :

    1. You should note that The Open Group and the IEEE maintain full copyright
    protection on these jointly owned publications.

    2. You are permitted to read the HTML/pdf versions of these Open Group/IEEE
    publications using your HTML browser/reader software and to download them
    for your own personal use provided you have given your name and email
    address for each publication requested. However, you are NOT permitted to
    amend, copy, reprint, offer for sale, or otherwise re-use material from
    these documents without explicit permission from The Open Group/IEEE. Your
    personal data is used to enable Open Group/IEEE to gauge interest in the
    documents, to enable The Open Group/IEEE to alert you to new editions and to
    enable The Open Group/IEEE to send you details of any corrigenda. Your
    personal details will not be disclosed by The Open Group/IEEE to any third
    party
    
    5. Whilst The Open Group/IEEE will use its best endeavors to create HTML
    versions that mirror the hard copy publications, there are bound to be
    differences between the versions. The hard copy publication remains the
    authoritative version for Testing and Certification and other purposes.
    
    4. The Open Group/IEEE reserve the right to charge for HTML versions of
    their publications in the future.
    
    5. Readers who acquire the HTML/pdf version of The Open Group/IEEE
    publications from a source other than The Open Group/IEEE should be
    conscious of the fact that HTML/pdf is a revisable format and that the un-
    official, probably illegal, version they acquire might have been changed
    from the original.

Permission to reproduce all or any part of this standard must be with the
consent of both copyright holders and may be subject to a license fee. Both
copyright holders will need to be satisfied that the other has granted
permission.